While controller classes are great for grouping related logic using actions, you can also create a
controller for a single action to create a single action controller.
You just add the method, underscore, underscore, invoked to it.
It would be the only action of the controller.
Let's make an example about controller.
So Ron Partisan make controller about controller.
Now let's open this up.
Let's add the invoke methods.
And just returned the text single from it.
Now, the route is defined similar to how you would point to a controller class action, though, you
just need to give the class name.
So route get.
Let's do this under the single year I.
And now the class name, which is about controller and we are using the class constant defined in all
PE classes, also make sure to add this you statement.
Remember that with controller class that had many actions, you had to provide an array with class name
and action name in single action controllers.
It's enough to just provide their class name.
Finally, let's verify this route.
So let's go to the euro single and there it is, the text single.